23/10/24 Today I'm starting the structure of this ecommerce project. I already have a basic figma prototype for the desktop version wich will be my first goal to complete. 
I'll work in the header section first for the desktop version

24/10/24 I finished a basic structure for the header and started with the product container structure.

28/10/24 Added all the images and information of the product. Now I'm working on the details to make it look as close as possivble to the final result.

29/10/24 Added the cart component and hover styles for each selectable item.

30/10/24 Finished a functioning layout for desktop. I got to keep working on the responsiveness but now I'm starting to giving functionality. Now I started a branch to keep going with the project defining a class for the items and I'm going to use context to store the global variables like items.

31/10/24 I decided to define a class to create items from it. I import it to the context to store it there and obtain the items in the ProductContainer component. Then from the item selected I pass it as props to the children so all are maniuplating the same item.
I already made the big image and the carousel to display the image and change the big image selecting one from the carousel, by the other hand, the Details container shows the information of the product and with the AmountButton it can change the amount of the item. 

Now I'm working on adding the product to the cart, I'm not sure if I should let the amount button to change the amount on the cart or if only let it modify it when the add to cart button is clicked. 

I'll start just adding the product with the amount selected, reset the amount, and not letting modify it after added.

I created a cartItems state to set the items that will be added to the cart with the addToCart component. And the cart component detect's if there's any item added, and create a cartItem component to display the product information.

04/11/24 When a product is added to the cart a copy is stored in the cart and the original object amount gets reseted. The product can't be added to the cart if the amount is less than 1. 

05/11/24 Now, when a product is added to the cart it can't be added again, there's an if ensuring there's no products with the same name in the cart.
The delete button of the cart items now works.
Added two more mock items and made the product container map through the items state and create a product container for each of them.

06/11/24 The cart items show the total price. Added a checkout button

07/11/24 I added a badge to show how many items are in the cart, where there are any. Improved the cart styling.
Improved the responsiveness of the products section.

08/11/24 The navbar gets fixed to the side when the screen width is smaller than 800px. 
The header component has a state that shows or not the navbar and can be set to true when the openNav button is clicked and closed when the closeNav button is clicked.
Right now it is done with conditional rendering but I just want to hide and show it with css properties.

11/11/24 Created a backdrop modal to be activated when the navbar is open in the mobile version.

12/11/24 Now the page looks good on desktop and mobile, but in some widths in between it looks bad.

13/11/24 Added next and prev image buttons to the big image that can change the image to the next or the previous image in the array. They are only shown in the mobile version.

14/11/24 In the desktop version, when the product image is clicked a modal with the images is open to be seen bigger, and it can be closed clicking the x button. 
Now when the checkout button is clicked a modal is opened showing the order with a button to finish the purchase, and when the buy button is clicked the cart gets emptyed and the modal is closed.

16/11/24 Now the page is responsive.